 ---
title: Week 1
layout: post
author: marcus.los
permalink: /week-1/
source-id: 1hJm0DqYa2o_5o-1ARkoBoXLN71le8QB3gOzAYH9EUaU
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td> 17/01/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point-</td>
    <td>As it was our first lesson, with the fuse box our teacher just told us to explore the program.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To get a brief understanding of the fuse box.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> I think I reached my target, but for the majority of the lesson my partner and I were very stuck on the first steps but near the end of the lesson we had a breakthrough.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I found it was easiest to learn when my partner and I read the manual we were given thoroughly and copied it exactly, instead of just trying to do our own thing. At first we were given instructions on how to connect the fuse box keyboard and monitor and we were given a manual to work with. As the lesson wore on, we found it hard but then we found it much easier to learn when we just trusted the manual and copied it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think what limited our learning was when we tried to do random things without any sense and didn't even read the manual. We were obviously given it for a reason. And for the majority of the lesson we learned nothing. I need to definitely learn on trusting someone more.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next change to help my learning I will change my attitude towards learning and I will put my faith into the manual, I will also change my monitor because it was very glitchy. Overall, I had fun and it was an enjoyable lesson but i need to work on trusting the manual and not to be arrogant to doing my own thing.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


